## MLPA:Detecting Overlapping Communities by Multi-Label Propagation Approach 2013 IEEE Congress on Evolutionary Computation June 20-23, Cancún, México

**原文:** Experimental results on synthetic and real 
networks show that the MLPA outperforms many other 
methods, including existing label propagation algorithms for 
the detection of overlapping communities. It confirms that 
the introduction of the closeness between vertices into label 
propagation can significantly improve the detecting 
performance on overlapping communities.

**归纳:** MLPA outperforms many other methods, including existing label propagation algorithms for the detection of overlapping communities. However, MLPA is not a perfect algorithm, its main current shortcoming is that (这篇论文里的主要缺点应该是指自己算法的缺点, 没有通用性, 所以我只摘录了优点)

---

## NMLPA: Uncovering Overlapping Communities in Attributed Networks via a Multi-Label Propagation Approach † 
## Sensors

**原文**: To solve the problem of overlapping community detection, several extended methods based on
LPA [16] are proposed in recent years. Community Overlap Propagation Algorithm (COPRA) [34]
attaches a set of pairs (c, b) to each vertex, where c is a community identifier and b is a belonging
coefficient. Balanced Multi-Label Propagation Algorithm (BMLPA) [35] requires that community
identifiers of one vertex should have balanced belonging coefficients, which allows nodes to belong
to any number of communities without a global limit on the largest number required by COPRA.
Speaker-listener Label Propagation Algorithm (SLPA) [17] uses a speaker-listener interaction dynamic
process to ensure that each node can own multiple labels. Weighted Label Propagation Algorithm
(WLPA) [36] extends SLPA by introducing a similarity between any two nodes based on the labels each
node has received during the label propagation. _**However, these label-propagation-based methods are
not able to handle attributed networks since all of them exclude the node attribute information in the
label propagation process. Different from these existing label propagation methods, our work makes
full use of the attribute information of nodes, thus it can be well applied to attributed networks.**_

**归纳:** 提出了基于LPA的几个扩展方法,包括COPRA, BMLPA, SLPA, WLPA, 以及它们的不足之处

**这些方法的介绍(我选了我们论文中出现的两个算法):**
- COPRA: attaches a set of pairs (c, b) to each vertex, where c is a community identifier and b is a belonging coefficient
- BMLPA: requires that community identifiers of one vertex should have balanced belonging coefficients, which allows nodes to belong to any number of communities without a global limit on the largest number required by COPRA.

**drawbacks:** However, these label-propagation-based methods are not able to handle attributed networks since all of them exclude the node attribute information in the label propagation process. Different from these existing label propagation methods, our work makes full use of the attribute information of nodes, thus it can be well applied to attributed networks. 

**用自己的话归纳:** However, these label-propagation-based methods are not able to handle attributed networks since all of them exclude the node attribute information in the label propagation process(COPRA, BMLPA等多标签传播算法的不足之处, 没有把attribute考虑进去) 

检查一下论文里面的公式，